<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [capitalize][1]
    -   [Examples][2]
-   [allCaps][3]
    -   [Examples][4]
-   [capitalizeWords][5]
    -   [Examples][6]
-   [oddCaps][7]
    -   [Examples][8]
-   [evenCaps][9]
    -   [Examples][10]
-   [removeExtraWhiteSpace][11]
    -   [Examples][12]
-   [kabobCase][13]
    -   [Examples][14]
-   [snakeCase][15]
    -   [Examples][16]
-   [camelCase][17]
    -   [Examples][18]

## capitalize

Capitalize the first letter of the current string.

### Examples

```javascript
"this".capitalize() -> "This"
```

Returns **[String][19]** The capitalized version of the current string.

## allCaps

Uppercase every character within the string.

### Examples

```javascript
"this".allCaps() -> "THIS"
```

Returns **[String][19]** The entire string all capitalized of the current string.

## capitalizeWords

Uppercase every word within the string
(Not including: the, in, a, an, and, but, for, at, by, from)

### Examples

```javascript
"this word".capitalizeWords() -> "This Word"
```

Returns **[String][19]** with every first character in every word capitalized of the current string.

## oddCaps

Uppercase every other odd character not including white space.

### Examples

```javascript
"this".oddCaps() -> "tHiS"
```

Returns **[String][19]** of every odd character capitalized of the current string.

## evenCaps

Uppercase every even character not including white space.

### Examples

```javascript
"this".evenCaps() -> "ThIs"
```

Returns **[String][19]** of every even character capitalized of the current string.

## removeExtraWhiteSpace

Remove any extra whitespace throughout the string.

### Examples

```javascript
"   this  word    ".removeExtraWhiteSpace() -> "this word"
```

Returns **[String][19]** with all the extra white space removed.

## kabobCase

Kabob case the current string if it has spaces.

### Examples

```javascript
"kabob this!".kabobCase() -> "kabob-this!"
```

Returns **[String][19]** that is a kabob cased version of the current string

## snakeCase

Snake case the current string if it has spaces.

### Examples

```javascript
"snake case this!".snakeCase() -> "snake_case_this!"
```

Returns **[String][19]** that is a snake cased version of the current string

## camelCase

Convert the current string to camel case if it has spaces.

### Examples

```javascript
"camel case these words!".camelCase() -> "camelCaseTheseWords"
```

Returns **[String][19]** that is a camel cased version of the current string

[1]: #capitalize

[2]: #examples

[3]: #allcaps

[4]: #examples-1

[5]: #capitalizewords

[6]: #examples-2

[7]: #oddcaps

[8]: #examples-3

[9]: #evencaps

[10]: #examples-4

[11]: #removeextrawhitespace

[12]: #examples-5

[13]: #kabobcase

[14]: #examples-6

[15]: #snakecase

[16]: #examples-7

[17]: #camelcase

[18]: #examples-8

[19]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String
